well katar says it's appalled by remarks
reportedly made by Israel's prime
minister about doha's role in mediating
the release of captives from Gaza in a
leaked recording Benjamin Netanyahu Was
Heard saying that K's role was
problematic and he was unhappy
Washington didn't apply more pressure on
them in a statement published on X the
Qatari foreign Ministry warned that if
such comments were true they were
irresponsible and destructive to the
efforts to save innocent lives
H Salu joins us now from occupied East
Jerusalem just tell us a little bit more
about really what the Prime Minister has
reportedly said because um it's having
repercussions regionally isn't
it well in leaked remarks in a meeting
with families of captives currently
being held inside of Gaza the Israeli
Prime Minister reportedly expressing
frustration on a wide variety of issues
the First with the Karis comparing them
to the likes of the Red Cross and the
United Nations saying that the kataris
are actually in fact even more
problematic than both of those Aid
agencies he also is expressing a lot of
dissatisfaction with the United States
really saying that he was quote very
angry at the fact that the United States
renewed their presence at the base inq
which is the largest in the Middle East
for an additional 10 years he also says
that the Americans should be putting
more pressure on the qataris but not
exactly elaborating how now these
remarks have had severe repercussions
they are being slammed by The kataris
Who I'll remind you have had an integral
and crucial role in mediating this
conflict and also helping to facilitate
not only Aid going into Gaza those
medicines going to the captives but also
the deal we saw back in November that
saw the release of 110 captives being
held inside of Gazo so theis are saying
that if these remarks are true they're
actually not surprising and the Israeli
prime minister is obstructing and and
really getting in the way of these
negotiations undermining them in a way
that is very harmful to the future of
getting these captives out of Gaza the
Israeli Prime Minister has been echoing
that military pressure is the only way
to bring them back but the reality is
much different it's all of this behind
the scenes negotiation and mediating
between Hamas and the Israelis for which
the qataris have proved that they are a
crucial partner for and salute thanks
very much for that update